Pre release r2.1 (#181)
camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer: README.md

* Service APIs for “KnowYourCustomer” (see APIBacklog.md)  
* It provides the customer with the ability to:  
  * compare the information it (Service Provider, SP) has for a particular user with that on file (and verified) by the user's Operator in their own KYC records, in order for the SP to confirm the accuracy of the information and provide a specific service to the user. (KYC Match)
  * request and receive the information for a particular user, which on file (and verified) by the user's Operator in their own KYC records, in order for the SP to confirm the accuracy of the information and provide a specific service to the user. (KYC Fill-in)

>   * check if the user of the line is older than a provided age, in order to provide API customer's age-restricted services, access to its age-restricted website etc..

Reviewer: Thanks, @fernandopradocabrillo .

Suggestion to add '(KYC Age Verification)' to the end of Line 19.

Thanks,
Toshi

* Describe, develop, document and test the APIs (with 1-2 Telcos)  
* Started: September 2023

## Release Information

* Note: Please be aware that the project will have updates to the main branch. There are no compatibility guarantees associated with code in any branch, including main, until a new release is created. For example, changes may be reverted before a release is created. For best results, use the latest available release

> * `NEW`:**The latest release of CAMARA Know Your customer is [r2.1](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/r2.1)**. The Release Tag is [r2.1](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/releases/tag/r2.1).

Reviewer 2: r2.1 is only a pre-release (and need in GitHub tagged as such). The "latest [public] release" is still r1.4.

```suggestion
* `NEW`:**The latest pre-release of CAMARA Know Your customer is [r2.1](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/r2.1)**. The Release Tag is [r2.1](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/releases/tag/r2.1).
```

You can consider to keep also the line 26 with the previous links to the API definitions, and just add the line 27 after 31.

Author: good idea, I'll keep both references

* Service APIs for “KnowYourCustomer” (see APIBacklog.md)  

> * It provides the customer with the ability to:  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* It provides the API Consumer with the ability to:  
```
(alignment with Glossary and latest API_Repository_Template)
